a sustainable business opportunity
min-jeong hong incorporated creating
another miracle establish in 1993
min-jeong hong incorporated is engaged
in the import and marketing of US
lubricating oil and the distribution of
automated consumer products due to
market competition and customer demand
it set up a factoring ad oliel expansion
industrial zone in Union County's
doneall City in 1998 mainly for the
production of lubricating oil metal
processing oil soluble oil grease drips
and various kinds of maintenance spray
canned products applications included
industrial oils chemicals vehicle oils
food grade lubricating oils agricultural
machinery and heavy machinery oils in
order to improve quality and
collaboration with world leading
additives manufacturers and using
formulas raw materials and technology
provided by additives companies oil
research & development has been
conducted in accordance with customer
requirements in regard to various
processing conditions and mechanical
equipment and other maintenance and
cleaning supplies in order to
manufacture high performance high
precision and high quality products
which meet customers stringent
requirement min Joan Hong Incorporated
is constantly strengthening its
manufacturing line in computer-based
processes with brand new top-of-the-line
production equipment and the full
implementation of initiative
examinations using these stringent
manufacturing standards strict standard
operating procedures are implemented for
each process a comprehensive production
process improved traditional
technologies the introduction of new
production equipment and integrated
computer technology are all used to
raise overall efficiency and production
quality in order to ensure the
processing capability and product
quality we have imported a succession of
relevant quality management
systems and in 2000 received the ISO
quality assurance system which was
upgraded to a new version of the ISO
9001 quality assurance system in 2001
all personnel have an active role in the
Quality Assurance system in order to
reach our company's quality objective of
achieving 100% customer satisfaction to
enhance product screening capacity in
respect to quality examinations the
company has equipped its laboratory with
40 degrees Celsius and 100 degrees
Celsius constant temperature trousers
and minus 20 degrees Celsius and minus
40 degrees Celsius constant temperature
trousers which comply with test
specifications of ASTM D 445 the power
viscometer can also be used for the CST
viscosity test and is equipped with a
few bottles of standard solution for
recalibration at any time an ASTM D 92
flashpoint tester ASTM D 97 tests low
temperature fluidity point constant
temperature equipment automatic moisture
analyzer ASTM D 2 896 test ta n and TBN
automatic potential difference tie
trader an ASTM D 1 500 oil color meter
salt bath testing machinery for
corrosion proof testing ASTM D 8 9 2
anti-foaming tester and ASTM D 1 401
water separation index detector are used
to obtain the most accurate data in
order to provide customers with a
superior selection of quality products
which is our continuous goal
future prospects min-jeong home
incorporated thanks it's domestic and
overseas customers for their care and
support since the company's
establishment we will continue upholding
our customer first quality first
philosophy to provide customers with
higher quality more competitive products
all of our personnel will continue
striving to surpass previous
achievements and to develop high quality
high demand oils while providing our
customers with the highest level of
products and services